
important
  Be careful when using !important declaration

adjoining-classes
  Don't use adjoining classes.

known-properties
  Properties should be known (listed in CSS3 specification) or be a vendor-prefixed property.

box-sizing
  The box-sizing properties isn't supported in IE6 and IE7.

box-model
  Don't use width or height when using padding or border.

overqualified-elements
  Don't use classes or IDs with elements (a.foo or a#foo).

display-property-grouping
  Certain properties shouldn't be used with certain display property values.

bulletproof-font-face
  Use the bulletproof @font-face syntax to avoid 404's in old IE (http://www.fontspring.com/blog/the-new-bulletproof-font-face-syntax).

compatible-vendor-prefixes
  Include all compatible vendor prefixes to reach a wider range of users.

regex-selectors
  Selectors that look like regular expressions are slow and should be avoided.

errors
  This rule looks for recoverable syntax errors.

duplicate-background-images
  Every background-image should be unique. Use a common class for e.g. sprites.

duplicate-properties
  Duplicate properties must appear one after the other.

empty-rules
  Rules without any properties specified should be removed.

selector-max-approaching
  Will warn when selector count is >= 3800 selectors.

gradients
  When using a vendor-prefixed gradient, make sure to use them all.

fallback-colors
  For older browsers that don't support RGBA, HSL, or HSLA, provide a fallback color.

font-sizes
  Checks the number of font-size declarations.

font-faces
  Too many different web fonts in the same stylesheet.

floats
  This rule tests if the float property is used too many times

star-property-hack
  Checks for the star property hack (targets IE6/7)

outline-none
  Use of outline: none or outline: 0 should be limited to :focus rules.

import
  Don't use @import, use <link> instead.

ids
  Selectors should not contain IDs.

underscore-property-hack
  Checks for the underscore property hack (targets IE6)

rules-count
  Track how many rules there are.

qualified-headings
  Headings should not be qualified (namespaced).

selector-max
  Will error when selector count is > 4095.

shorthand
  Use shorthand properties where possible.

text-indent
  Checks for text indent less than -99px

unique-headings
  Headings should be defined only once.

universal-selector
  The universal selector (*) is known to be slow.

unqualified-attributes
  Unqualified attribute selectors are known to be slow.

vendor-prefix
  When using a vendor-prefixed property, make sure to include the standard one.

zero-units
  You don't need to specify units when a value is 0.

